feat: toSelectorMatchFields (#376)
carvel-dev/secretgen-controller: docs/secret-export.md

- `toNamespace` (optional; string) Destination namespace for offer. Use `*` to indicate all namespaces.
- `toNamespaces` (optional; array of strings) List of destination namespaces for offer.
- `dangerousToNamespacesSelector` (optional; array of selector objects) List of matchers for destination namespaces. If multiple expressions are specified, all those expressions must evaluate to true for the selector to match a namespace. The selector object is composed as follows:

>   - `key` (required; string) Property to target on the resource for the match. It's support dot notation from [GJSON syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/master/SYNTAX.md).

Reviewer: This is no longer correct, right?

Author: right, fixed

  - `operator` (required; enum string) Type of comparison. Must be one of `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists`, `DoesNotExist`.
    Operator explanations:
    - In: Label's value must match one of the specified values.
    - NotIn: Label's value must not match any of the specified values.

>     - Exists: Pod must include a label with the specified key (the value isn't important). When using this operator, the values field should not be specified.
>     - DoesNotExist: Pod must not include a label with the specified key. The values property must not be specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Exists: Namespace must include a label with the specified key (the value isn't relevant). When using this operator, the values field should not be specified.
    - DoesNotExist: Namespace must not include a label with the specified key. The values property must not be specified.
```

- `toNamespace` (optional; string) Destination namespace for offer. Use `*` to indicate all namespaces.
- `toNamespaces` (optional; array of strings) List of destination namespaces for offer.
- `toSelectorMatchFields` (optional; array of selector objects) List of matchers for destination namespaces. If multiple expressions are specified, all those expressions must evaluate to true for the selector to match a namespace. The selector object is composed as follows:
  - `key` (required; string) Property to target on the resource for the match. It's support dot notation from [GJSON syntax](https://github.com/tidwall/gjson/blob/master/SYNTAX.md).
  - `operator` (required; enum string) Type of comparison. Must be one of `In`, `NotIn`, `Exists`, `DoesNotExist`.
    Operator explanations:
    - In: Label's value must match one of the specified values.
    - NotIn: Label's value must not match any of the specified values.
    - Exists: Pod must include a label with the specified key (the value isn't important). When using this operator, the values field should not be specified.

>     - NotIn: Label's value must not match any of the specified values.

Reviewer 2: `Exists` and `NotIn` are repeated twice

Author: fixed
